Privacy Policy

FWe primary goals in using information are to provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct marketing and research and create reports for internal use. We store information on servers located in the United States via Amazon Web Services and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries. We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service, based on your consent, for compliance with a legal obligation to which us is subject or when we have assessed it is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our or a third party to whom it may be necessary to disclose information. We may use your information to:

Operate and improve our Service

Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Service

Furthermore, we may provide you with “just-in-time” disclosures or additional information about the data collection, use and sharing practices of specific Services. These notices may provide more information about our privacy practices, or provide you with additional choices about how we process your personal information.

This feature lets us identify errors and issues within the app. 

WITH WHAT PURPOSE WILL Zed Italia SRL PROCESS THE USER’S PERSONAL DATA AND FOR HOW LONG?

Your collected personal data will be processed by Zed Italia SRL in conformity with the following purposes:

1. Reception, management and giving response when you report a problem, contact or communicate with Us.

2. Maintenance, support and updating of the Services, as well as of the contents

3. Resolution of possible technical incidents or of those of any other nature that may arise in relation to the Apps or Services.

4. Draw-up of anonymous statistical reports on access habits and the activity developed by Users.

5. To use certain features in Our Services, You may allow Us to access Your camera or the microphone. Depending on Your device, Apple and Android systems will ask for Your permission before allowing Us to access these features.

In the event that the User provides data from third parties, he/she declares to have their consent and undertakes to transfer the information contained in the Privacy Policy to the interested party, the holder of said data, exempting Zed Italia SRL from any liability in this regard. However, Zed Italia SRL may carry out the necessary verifications to confirm this fact, adopting the corresponding due diligence measures, in accordance with applicable legislation on data protection.

The data will be treated during the time necessary for the realization of the objectives, differentiating between the data necessary for the management of the contracted service and the collection of those treated for reasons of publicity or customer service, unless the User requests its cancellation to Zed Italia SRL, opposes or revokes its consent.

WHO THE DATA WILL BE SHARED WITH?

User’s data may be communicated to:

1. Entities in charge of managing the corresponding Services, as the case may be.

2. Other group companies to assist us in technical processing operations.

3. We may disclose Your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; or (iii) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Our company, Our users, Our employees, or others.

4. Additionally, the data may be accessible by Zed Italia SRL suppliers, being the said access necessary for adequate meeting of legal obligations and/or the provision of services for the aforementioned purposes. The said suppliers will not process your data for their own purposes that have not been previously informed by Zed Italia SRL.

The recipients indicated in this section may be located within or outside the European Economic Area; in the latter case, International data transfers are duly legitimate.

CONTACT

If you have any questions or concerns about our data privacy practices, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal information, please contact us at moonlitm234235@gmail.com.

Your Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident, we note that we are processing your information to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, to the United States and to the country that your service is provided e.g., Mexico or Canada if you are requesting service in that country.

Data Retention
When you book a reservation, data pertaining to your reservation is stored for auditing purposes until it is determined no longer needed unless and until you ask us to delete information. This information includes but is not limited to the pickup address, drop-off address, pickup time, name, phone number.

Minors
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.

How do we use the information collected from you?

We will use this information you give to us:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us (including the Customer Agreement) and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us; to provide you with information about other services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
To provide you with information about services we feel may interest you;
To notify you about changes to our service;
To ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or mobile device; and
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
To administer our App and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
To improve our App to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or mobile device;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
As part of our efforts to keep our App safe and secure;
To comply with regulatory, Know Your Customer (KYC) requirements and Anti Money Laundering (AML) requirements as may be required under local laws and global treaties/ jurisdictions;
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our App about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources: We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).

Storage of Personal Data

The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the local geography.
It may also be processed by staff operating outside the local geography who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your money transfer, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using Transport Layer Security (TLS).
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password or PIN which enables you to access certain parts of our App, you are responsible for keeping this password or PIN confidential.
We ask you not to share your password and PIN with anyone at any time, including any representative who is or claims to be authorized by LuLu Money.
We will do our best to protect the data that is shared via the internet..
Once we have received your information, we use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We restrict access of your personal information to those employees of LuLu Money who have a business reason for knowing such information.
We continuously educate and train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and privacy of customer information.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with the relevant laws and regulations to protect your personal information from any unauthorised access.
We would not directly sell any or all of your data to a third party where such use of data is not required for the purpose of providing LuLu Money services or offers.
We may choose to provide aggregated information that represents trends, group behaviour or patterns which does not include any personally identifiable information, to third parties for marketing and research purposes.